hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1968 sci-fi classic 2001 a
Space Odyssey so let's get started the
film opens millions of years ago in a
desert with apes discovering a large
black monolith which under its influence
the Apes begin using bones as weapons
the film transitions to dr. Heywood
Floyd traveling to the Clavius base on
the moon another monolith has been found
in the crater Tycho which was buried 4
million years ago while investigating
the monolith it emits an ear-piercing
sound and a radio signal is sent to
jupiter 18 months later the ship
discovery 1 is heading for Jupiter dr.
David Bowman and dr. Frank Poole are
piloting the ship while three other
scientists are in suspended animation
the ship's functions are controlled by
its computer HAL 9000 AKA hal hal states
that he is foolproof and incapable of
error hal begins reporting that their
antenna control device is failing after
the pilots retrieved the device they
find that there is nothing wrong with it
and Mission Control confirms this
implying that Hal seems to be the one
actually in error
the pilot secretly decide to reinstall
the device and if it does not fail then
how is wrong and they will disconnect
him from the ship's controls Hal however
finds out about their plans while
reading their lips and while Frank is
reinstalling the device he uses the
transport pod to sever Frank's oxygen
and send him adrift in space Dave takes
another pod rescue Frank meanwhile Hal
turns off the life support functions
killing the crew men that are in
suspended animation when Dave returns
with Frank's body and asks to be let
back in how states I'm sorry Dave I'm
afraid I can't do that Dave is forced to
let go Frank's body and enters through
the emergency entrance Dave then begins
disassembling Hal and his intellectual
functions begin to fail as he is
regressing that you began saying the
song daisy bell' Hal's
earliest memory
afterward a video plays discussing the
existence the monolith on the moon
though its purpose is unknown only that
the signal was sent to Jupiter and this
is the first time the crew has found out
why they're really sent to Jupiter this
is also the last bit of dialogue for the
entire mode Dave arrives and
investigates another monolith at its
orbit and Jupiter his pod is pulled into
a multicolor vortex the Stargate and
seems to travel across a large distance
of space witnessing a kaleidoscope of
different colors and images Dave finds
himself in a zoo like bedroom and we see
his entire life flash from middle-aged
to older to dying in bed we then see the
monolith at the foot of his bed and as
he is reaching out for it he is
transformed into a fetus in an orb of
light becoming the Starchild the fetus
is seen floating in the space beside
Earth as the film ends so that was a
spoilers for 2001 a Space Odyssey if you
have another film you'd like to see me
spoil please let me know in the comments
below check out movie spoilers on the
various forms of social media check out
our monthly Instagram giveaways and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching